bless: add page (#4439)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/bless.md

# bless

> Set volume bootability and startup disk options.

> - FOLDER MODE, To bless a volume with only Mac OS X or Darwin, and create the BootX and boot.efi files as needed:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- FOLDER MODE: Bless a volume with only Mac OS X or Darwin, and create the BootX and boot.efi files as needed:
```

What does `blessing` a volume actually do?

`bless --folder {{/Volumes/Mac OS X/System/Library/CoreServices}} --bootinfo --bootefi`

- MOUNT MODE, To set a volume containing either Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X to be the active volume:

`bless --mount {{/Volumes/Mac OS}} --setBoot`

> - NETBOOT MODE, To set the system to NetBoot and broadcast for an available server:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- NETBOOT MODE: Set the system to NetBoot and broadcast for an available server:
```

`bless --netboot --server {{bsdp://255.255.255.255}}`

> - INFO MODE, To gather information about the currently selected volume (as determined by the firmware), suitable for piping to a program capable of parsing Property Lists:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- INFO MODE: Gather information about the currently selected volume (as determined by the firmware) - suitable for parsing by scripts:
```
